README.md, before:

# Family Grocery App

A mobile-friendly family grocery application built with Nuxt 4, Nuxt UI, and Supabase. This app allows family members to maintain individual recurring grocery lists and a shared shopping list.

## 🚀 Features

- **Collaborative Shopping List**: View items from all users, grouped by display name.
- **Recurring Items**: Personal management of frequent purchases with customizable frequency.
- **Easy Addition**: Quickly copy recurring items to the main shopping list.
- **Smart Completion**: Marking items as "bought" updates the `last_bought` date on linked recurring items.
- **Mobile-First Design**: Optimized for handheld use with a responsive interface.
- **Secure Authentication**: Support for Email/Password and Magic Link via Supabase.

## 🛠 Tech Stack

- **Framework**: [Nuxt 4](https://nuxt.com/)
- **UI Components**: [Nuxt UI](https://ui.nuxt.com/)
- **Backend/Auth/Database**: [Supabase](https://supabase.com/)
- **Icons**: [Lucide](https://lucide.dev/) (via Nuxt UI)

## 🔐 Security Warning (Critical)

This project uses environment variables for sensitive configurations. **Never commit your `.env` or `.env.local` files to a public repository.**

1. Ensure `.env` and `.env.local` are in your `.gitignore`.
2. Use the provided `.env.example` as a template for your local setup.
3. Keep your Supabase Service Role keys secret and only use them in server-side code if necessary.

## 🏁 Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) (includes npm) installed.
- A [Supabase](https://supabase.com/) project.

### Setup

1. Clone the repository.
2. Install dependencies:
   ```bash
   npm install
   ```
3. Copy `.env.example` to `.env` and fill in your Supabase credentials:
   ```bash
   cp .env.example .env
   ```

### Development

Start the development server:
```bash
npm run dev
```

### Production

Build for production:
```bash
npm run build
```

Preview the production build locally:
```bash
npm run preview
```

## 📜 License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

Commit message:

Add `DEPLOYMENT.md` with detailed deployment instructions and update `README.md` with project introduction

README.md, after:

# Family Grocery App

A mobile-friendly family grocery application built with Nuxt 4, Nuxt UI, and Supabase. This app allows family members to maintain individual recurring grocery lists and a shared shopping list.

## Introduction
This project was created when I identified a need for a simple grocery management app that 
would allow my wife and me to manage our grocery lists together instead of collating notes and texts together.

This app is offered for anyone who suffers this same problem and wishes to use it.

_Note:_ This is not a production worthy app. It lacks logging, error handling, data retention, and many other key features before it should be offered to the public.

## 🚀 Features

- **Collaborative Shopping List**: View items from all users, grouped by display name.
- **Recurring Items**: Personal management of frequent purchases with customizable frequency.
- **Easy Addition**: Quickly copy recurring items to the main shopping list.
- **Smart Completion**: Marking items as "bought" updates the `last_bought` date on linked recurring items.
- **Mobile-First Design**: Optimized for handheld use with a responsive interface.
- **Secure Authentication**: Support for Email/Password and Magic Link via Supabase.

## 🛠 Tech Stack

- **Framework**: [Nuxt 4](https://nuxt.com/)
- **UI Components**: [Nuxt UI](https://ui.nuxt.com/)
- **Backend/Auth/Database**: [Supabase](https://supabase.com/)
- **Icons**: [Lucide](https://lucide.dev/) (via Nuxt UI)

## 🔐 Security Warning (Critical)

This project uses environment variables for sensitive configurations. **Never commit your `.env` or `.env.local` files to a public repository.**

1. Ensure `.env` and `.env.local` are in your `.gitignore`.
2. Use the provided `.env.example` as a template for your local setup.
3. Keep your Supabase Service Role keys secret and only use them in server-side code if necessary.

## 🏁 Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) (includes npm) installed.
- A [Supabase](https://supabase.com/) project.

### Setup

1. Clone the repository.
2. Install dependencies:
   ```bash
   npm install
   ```
3. Copy `.env.example` to `.env` and fill in your Supabase credentials:
   ```bash
   cp .env.example .env
   ```

### Development

Start the development server:
```bash
npm run dev
```

### Production

Build for production:
```bash
npm run build
```

Preview the production build locally:
```bash
npm run preview
```

## 📜 License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.
